Minor tweaks & en-us spellcheck (#45)
quantcdn/docs: docs/integrations/wordpress.md

1. Download the Plugin from [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/quantcdn), or install from the admin UI.
2. Visit the Settings > QuantCDN admin page, and click the "Settings" tab
3. Ensure "Enable QuantCDN integration" is enabled

> 4. Set your webserver URL to the local webserver loop-back address (generally http://localhost), and provide your website domain as the hostname (e.g `www.example.com`)

Author: ```suggestion
4. Set your webserver URL to the local webserver loopback address (generally http://localhost), and provide your website domain as the hostname (e.g `www.example.com`)
```
